AST-1290 - fix: astra meta settings are not working for Learndash cource page (#3670)
brainstormforce/astra: changelog.txt

- Improvement: Added compatibility for Elementor Pro v3.5.0 WooCommerce widgets.
- Fix: WPForms submit button not inheriting global button text color.
- Fix: 'Disable Below Header' option is not visible in Astra meta settings.

> - Fix: LearnDash - Astra meta settings are not saved for cource page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix: LearnDash - Astra meta settings are getting saved for course page.
```

Reviewer 2: @premanshup maybe you missed `not` here in your suggession?

Reviewer: @imnavanath Right!
